ES v5.28 docs (#3968)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/notices.rst

In-Product Notices
==================

> Mattermost is introducing in-product notices to keep users and administrators informed of the newest product improvements, features and releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mattermost in-product notices keep users and administrators informed of the newest product improvements, features, and releases.
```

.. contents::
  :depth: 2
  :local:
  :backlinks: entry
  
 .. image:: ../images/notices.png

Adminstrator Notices
---------------------
Administrator notices are used to inform System Admins when a new server version is available, or if a server upgrade is recommended due to ending support life cycles. System Admins may also recieve notices about recommended server configuration options to optimize the user experience of their deployment.

Administrator notices can be disabled in the **System Console > Notices** page. 

End User Notices
-----------------
End user notices are used to inform users and Admins of new feature enhancements, and when new desktop versions are available.  

End User notices can be disabled in the **System Console > Notices** page. 

FAQ
---
Are notices enabled by-default?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Notices are enabled by-default for all Mattermost users. System Admins may choose to disable administrator or end user notices in the **System Console > Notices** page.

Will I still receive notices if my server is air-gapped? 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> No, the Mattermost server requires a connection to the internet to receive notices. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, the Mattermost server requires a connection to the internet to receive notices.
```

Adminstrator Notices
---------------------
Administrator notices are used to inform System Admins when a new server version is available, or if a server upgrade is recommended due to ending support life cycles. System Admins may also recieve notices about recommended server configuration options to optimize the user experience of their deployment.

Administrator notices can be disabled in the **System Console > Notices** page. 

End User Notices
-----------------
End user notices are used to inform users and Admins of new feature enhancements, and when new desktop versions are available.  

End User notices can be disabled in the **System Console > Notices** page. 

FAQ
---
Are notices enabled by-default?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Notices are enabled by-default for all Mattermost users. System Admins may choose to disable administrator or end user notices in the **System Console > Notices** page.

Will I still receive notices if my server is air-gapped? 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
No, the Mattermost server requires a connection to the internet to recieve notices. 

How often will users receive notices?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Notices will be used to raise awareness of new features as part of our monthly release cadence. Users will only receive notices that apply to them specifically. For example, if a user is already running the latest desktop app version, they will not receive a desktop upgrade notice.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notices will be used to raise awareness of new features as part of our monthly release cadence. Users will only receive notices that specifically apply to them. For example, if a user is already running the latest Desktop App version, they will not receive an upgrade notice. 
```

In-Product Notices
==================

> Mattermost is introducing in-product notices to keep users and adminstrators informed of the newest product improvements, features and releases. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Mattermost is introducing in-product notices to keep users and administrators informed of the newest product improvements, features and releases.
```

.. contents::
  :depth: 2
  :local:
  :backlinks: entry
  

>  .. image:: ../images/notices.png

Reviewer 2: Image doesn't show.

> Adminstrator Notices

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Administrator Notices
```

---------------------

> Administrator notices are used to inform System Admins when a new server version is available, or if a server upgrade is recommended due to ending support life cycles. System Admins may also recieve notices about recommended server configuration options to optimize the user experience of their deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Administrator notices are used to inform System Admins when a new server version is available, or if a server upgrade is recommended due to ending support life cycles. System Admins may also receive notices about recommended server configuration options to optimize the user experience of their deployment.
```

Administrator notices can be disabled in the **System Console > Notices** page. 

End User Notices
-----------------
End user notices are used to inform users and Admins of new feature enhancements, and when new desktop versions are available.  

End User notices can be disabled in the **System Console > Notices** page. 

FAQ
---

> Are notices enabled by-default?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Are notices enabled by default?
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Notices are enabled by-default for all Mattermost users. System Admins may choose to disable administrator or end user notices in the **System Console > Notices** page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notices are enabled by default for all Mattermost users. System Admins may choose to disable administrator or end user notices in the **System Console > Notices** page.
```

Will I still receive notices if my server is air-gapped? 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> No, the Mattermost server requires a connection to the internet to recieve notices. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
No, the Mattermost server requires a connection to the internet to receive notices. 
```

How often will users receive notices?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Notices will be used to raise awreness of new features as part of our monthly release cadence. Users will only recieve notices that apply to them specifically. For example, if a user is already running the latest desktop version, they will not recieve a desktop upgrade notice.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notices will be used to raise awareness of new features as part of our monthly release cadence. Users will only receive notices that apply to them specifically. For example, if a user is already running the latest desktop app version, they will not receive a desktop upgrade notice.  
```

In-Product Notices
==================

Mattermost in-product notices keep users and administrators informed of the newest product improvements, features, and releases.

.. contents::
  :depth: 2
  :local:
  :backlinks: entry
  
 .. image:: ../../images/notices.png

Administrator Notices
---------------------

Administrator notices are used to inform System Admins when a new server version is available, or if a server upgrade is recommended due to ending support life cycles. System Admins may also receive notices about recommended server configuration options to optimize the user experience of their deployment.

Administrator notices can be disabled in the **System Console > Notices** page.

End User Notices
----------------

> End user notices are used to inform users and Admins of new feature enhancements, and when new desktop versions are available. End User notices can be disabled in the **System Console > Notices** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
End user notices are used to inform users and Admins of new feature enhancements and when new desktop versions are available. They can be disabled in **System Console > Notices**.
```

FAQ
---

Are notices enabled by default?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Notices are enabled by default for all Mattermost users. System Admins may choose to disable administrator or end user notices in the **System Console > Notices** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notices are enabled by default for all Mattermost users. System Admins may choose to disable administrator or end user notices in **System Console > Notices**.
```
